then I turned and raised
and saw their flying scroll and he said
to me
what do you see I see a flying scroll
it's length is 20 cubits and its width
10 cubits this is the curse that goes
out over the face of the whole earth
every thief shall be expelled according
to this side of the scroll and every
perjurer shall be expelled according to
that side of it I will send out the
curse says the Lord of Hosts it shall
enter the house of the thief and the
house of the one who swears falsely by
my name it shall remain in the midst of
his house and consume it with its timber
and stones then the angel who talked
with me came out and said to me lift
your eyes now and see what this is that
goes forth what is it it is a basket
that is going forth this is their
resemblance throughout the earth here is
a lead disc lift it up and this is a
woman sitting inside the basket
this is wickedness and he thrust her
down into the basket and threw the lead
cover over its mouth then I raised my
eyes and looked and there were two women
coming with the wind in their wings for
they had wings like the wings of a stork
and they lifted up the basket between
Earth and heaven where they carrying the
basket to build a house for it in the
land of Shinar when it is ready the
basket will be set there on its base
[Music]